Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-treelist-single-leaf-node-selection: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E325)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Tree List for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to restict selection to a single leafe node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tree List for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to restrict selection to a single leaf node
```
